[DOCS] ES|QL: Adding a tip to the WHERE documentation (#114050)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/esql/processing-commands/where.asciidoc

The `WHERE` processing command produces a table that contains all the rows from
the input table for which the provided condition evaluates to `true`.

[TIP]
====

> Docs with `null` field values will be excluded from search results where you are excluding a specific value from that field. For example: `WHERE field != "value"` will be interpreted as `WHERE field != "value" and field is not null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of value exclusions, fields with `null` values (a `null` means either there is an explicit `null` value in the document or there is no value at all) will be excluded from search results. For example: `WHERE field != "value"` will be interpreted as `WHERE field != "value" AND field IS NOT NULL`.
```

> In case of value exclusions, fields with `null` values (a `null` means either there is an explicit `null` value in the document or there is no value at all) will be excluded from search results. For example: `WHERE field != "value"` will be interpreted as `WHERE field != "value" AND field IS NOT NULL`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of value exclusions, fields with `null` values will be excluded from search results. 
In this context a `null` means either there is an explicit `null` value in the document or there is no value at all.
For example: `WHERE field != "value"` will be interpreted as `WHERE field != "value" AND field IS NOT NULL`.
```
